>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
now we understand how to implement it.
I couldn't find a free version
of a broken pipe, of all things,
so there's [LAUGH] my stock photo.
So yeah, here's our broken weapons.
We have a list of broken stuff, cool?
So we transformed our list.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Awesome, so
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Here's
our example from before where we have our,
and I do have a typo here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
where were we, okay.
So we're mapping through our suspects,
right?
Remember before this was a suspects list,
and we just had an array.
We were looping and pushing it.
Now we don't have to do that.
We'll just map through our suspects for
each name.
We'll create an object and
we'll return it.
And it will create a suspects list.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anyone
wanna see this in action?
Yeah or no?
Yeah, okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So this is a more
realistic application of map, right?
Rather than concatenating strings,
we're creating objects and returning them.
And then we can each through them and
call each one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Suspect.speak?
Cuz we need suspectsList.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What is it?
>> Speaker 2: It's cuz of your
log instead of console dot.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, well,
you guys get the gist, right?
The gist is life is hard.
Editing Chrome tools is hard.
Okay, so here's another version of that
just with the each from before to compare.